[Music]
Hello my dear
salsa lovers, I apologize first because
I have a bad cold and my voice
is a little bad today but that's not
going to stop me from giving you all the news
and all the gossip and it's that we had
an argument on twitter with Alexia up there
against José Antonio León that
ended with a block by the
reporter from Sálvame the
collaborator Alex has already blocked her
you see here how he blocked her and well to
tell you how it happened I think
Antonio put his foot in it sincerely I also think that
Alexia has something that I didn't like
now I'm telling you and it's not the first
time she's done it but especially here
being fair the change la gambas jones
Antonio León no because I believe that to
defend someone it's not necessary that you
attack and that you call me in
such an ugly way to another person no unless you
have something personal then
keep it to me what seems to be going on here no
Alexia posts this comment talking about
a reality show okay she can give her opinion
cintia because if she tries a reality show
she's in the big brother house cynthia
really gives me the creeps she doesn't take her
seriously not even the prompter okay
look cintia I honestly may be very
pretty and all you want but I don't
like a lot of things she's done okay
first of all well it seems to me that it
seems like she likes to
sell when she's dating 14 she's dating another
okay there have been several times she's made
comments like this
written topic the other has written to me whatever so they'll
call her from TV or to
get attention okay but anyway this is
the little that I saw the house of
secrets you know what
we are bored of the acclaimed one and I
don't like it I am a person like
cynthia results the one who goes to the plate to the
plate to say the blame can be her
channels that is the one who had a partner no
but cintia goes to a sálvame to tell that
they have a thing with the other and that she already said
that the other has cheated on her the
woman with her be an aunt who is a
little bad is that a little to me  It
seems good that people are going to be
interviewed on Sálvame and whoever wants to
share their life story, let them share it. Each
one of us is the owner of our own life, but
man, telling that you're hooked up with your
guy in a hotel and that he knows about the
cases and I, I think that there are things that are
told in things that men
don't talk about, it's not the
same, it doesn't contribute your love story to me or
telling that you've had some
health problem or telling
any fight you've had with
a family member. In the end, each one decides
if what they tell about their life and their
intimacies is worth it, each one there but
man, to me, with everything, Cintia
becoming famous for the truth, it seems to me
that my brother
does, it's true that Alexia Arriba
took advantage of it a bit, so that way it
's not machismo or
discrediting her and I'm not treating her in
any way defensive or anything, but let's
see, being honest and being realistic,
she was a reporter for La Reportera
but really when
Alexia's name started being heard
separately and echoing everywhere was
with the subject of seeing them, the case  merlos
external who came out in a bikini from behind and they
caught her when they saw them that she was with
her no and then this would say well she has
capitalized on it or rather she went to save him
if they are collaborating on the program and this one
went to survivor also as a result of
that because her case went viral that it
went so viral that even willy
talked a lot about the subject there on the other side
of the pond okay then antonio puts it you
already have something in common I don't
know I don't know if he is referring precisely to
the way she became known no or he
is referring to the fact that nobody takes her seriously
on reality let's see you know that I don't
like alex you know the way of 2
antonio is a little derogatory she is a
little derogatory but well in the end her
freedom of expression has not said
anything personal to her he has not said any
offense to her he has not said anything private and
yet alexia here does respond with
something private that hits her hard
let's be honest she does not hit her
hard because the truth is that she leaves him
completely ridiculous with this tweet
dear antonio león his name is no they
were saying the same thing when  a couple of times in
fact it's quite derogatory also on
Alexia's part she's not going to comment on the two
because Antonio does what he
did with her on the microphone okay and in part
the actors who are quite a bit more well known than
she was didn't say the same thing when
a couple of years ago he wrote to me to
see us in Ibiza because according to you we
were both handsome and single
how bad it is to want to jump on all
the bands publicly this seems to me
if these things won't be done now you
talk to her like this but in the past of the
crisis of dating it's not like well let's see that
in private because it has because
these people have the mania that you can't
talk to them I mean you ca
n't talk to these people because these
people anything you talk about in
private they sell it or they don't sell it but they
use it you know this I know what happens
privately it stays private and you can
answer her in another way with
public things okay the same as it's done
why do you have to reveal a
private message that okay you are part of the
message that's worth whatever you want but it's
not the first time that  does she
did it with albert domenech okay I ca
n't get it back because I'll
delete it but with albert she made a
tremendous mess because it was the same thing or rather when
seeing us I stumbled cop and not on her
and she takes half or well that you wanted me
interviewed and you crawl you for an
interview that published the screenshots of
albert very kindly asking for the
interview let's see girls that I know that
now you move around the
television factory very well but that
private things normal people
we keep them private okay unless you have to
take it out to deny something or
something except there are situations in which if it
's because of a nonsense on twitter that acts
first point I take out the
intimate conversation man well girl take a walk
man bochitas take a walk with
sandro león he couldn't respond
well either antonio león
answered her telling him that the thing about me getting on the
bandwagon is the work of good
journalism and not a crude attack on
science but of course alex already had more not
explaining to you fact that you like to
practice the profession going to a reality show
for a cause as noble as  the one about going out
in underwear on a sky is like she's not
basically looking down on them because she's not
discrediting them she's not giving them a
derogatory tone for having taken advantage of the
vitality to have gone on reality.
Look, I sincerely do
n't see it as bad or one in fact I
see it worse with Cintia, okay, I'm going to
explain why because one thing is that
Alexia takes advantage of the virality of what
happened that was very viral I don't remember it was
very viral it was talked about on all the
television channels that went to the state of alarm
by the way, a program that I have
gone to a few times when inviting many
times, it's not
a thing that she takes advantage of the vitality
of the moment, she did
n't do it on purpose, she came out from
behind
the images started to fly the editor let
them be her and she didn't do it on purpose, one
thing is that she, since she is already
motivated to move forward and
took the opportunity to invite for
survivor and another thing is that
Cynthia goes on the programs to tell
who she sleeps with here, her
underwear is seen in a hotel having
a partner, okay, so what happens, or
what  the difference I think is palpable
no then it would not be tour agreement with
him José Antonio León is worth two I don't think it's
bad here I already took advantage of what
happened peace for his career boost his
career I don't think it's bad to me
a lot of the things that Alex says seem bad to me it's
worth a lot of the nonsense he
says but well no, what he took
advantage of it doesn't seem bad to me and
Alexia here answers him with something that
has nothing to do look here is my
dear Alex Barea ale a kiss churri
okay I did
you see follow him worth what
[Music] let's
see if he answers him with something that
has nothing to do with me I like to wear
underwear and others like you prefer
listen what in this support boasting about
pelendengues as God brought the world
that yes you must be natural with men your
speech with women is sexist and
repugnant and nothing here is a piece of
some article in which Anton de
León tells that once they asked him on
a nudist beach and that they took  the
photos to sálvame but penn sálvame they
did him the favor of not showing the good things
that were of interest either Carlos
Antonio if they had wanted to show it is
that they are not going to take the balls out of you this
payroll stories aside it cannot be broadcast
that nothing family let's see what you want me to
tell you because here the one who
seemed the most unsuccessful to me has been Antonio
and that I don't dislike the kid but
look at you not being objective although I
like José Antonio Tales better already in this
occasion I think with Santonio he has slipped
or rather
you start calling him it starts to go wrong with the thing
of taking it out taking it out with a
private conversation of Arias those things
learning to work and be everyday and to
be heart without taking out private things
man the private is private
but Antonio Varela bullfought very badly what do
you think of family this law of the
comment box do not forget to
share the video on your
social networks okay and I send you a huge hug
[Music]